Updating README to be a bit clearer (#8)
compnerd/SwiftFirebase: README.md

## Requirements

The Swift interface to Firebase is built upon the [Firebase C++ SDK](https://github.com/firebase/firebase-cpp-sdk).  As a result, the package requires that the C++ SDK is available and distributed to the clients.  The package expects that the firebase SDK is present in the root of the source tree under `third_party/firebase-development/usr`.

As of 2023-08-10, the Firebase SDK requires some changes to support the Swift/C++ interop.  The changes for this are available [here](patches/0001-Add-a-couple-of-workarounds-for-Swift-on-Windows.patch).  This has sent upstream as [firebase/firebase-cpp-sdk#1414](https://github.com/firebase/firebase-cpp-sdk/pull/1414).

## Setup

### Prerequisites

0. Make sure you have the right Swift toolchain installed, currently this repo requires at least https://download.swift.org/development/windows10/swift-DEVELOPMENT-SNAPSHOT-2023-08-12-a/swift-DEVELOPMENT-SNAPSHOT-2023-08-12-a-windows10.exe to build.
1. Download the lastest build of the Firebase C++ SDK from https://github.com/thebrowsercompany/firebase-cpp-sdk/tags

> 2. Run `mkdir third_party\firebase-development` to create the folder where we will extract the Firebase C++ SDK release that was just downloaded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run `md third_party\firebase-development` to create the directory where we will extract the Firebase C++ SDK release that was just downloaded
```

> 3. Extract the Firebase C++ SDK release into the `third_party\firebase-development` folder that was just created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Extract the Firebase C++ SDK release into the `third_party\firebase-development` directory that was just created.
```
